Added new logo suite component (#362)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/LogoSuite/index.mdx

export default ComponentLayout

## Anatomy

![A complete logo suite component, featuring a heading, description and two rows of 6 vendor logos in their default muted colors](https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/b541ba09-2e99-45be-bcb3-a95a1387c9ed)

- **Heading:** an optional main title of the logo suite.
- **Description:** optional information that describes the logos shown.
- **Logobar:** a space for a list of logos, with three appearance options.
- **Divider:** an optional divider to separate the logo suite from following content.

## Usage

Use the logo suite component to showcase a list of logos, such as for clients, sponsors, or related enterprises. Use the logo suite to build credibility, trust, and provide social proof by displaying consistent logos.

Logo suite should be used for groups of logos more than 4 and less than 12. In scenarios hoping to showcase more than 12 logos, considering stacking two components together. To create the best visual consistency and balance, rearrange and resize the logos when necessary to create similar area distribution and attention to each of the logos.

### Arrangement

<DoDontContainer stacked>
  <Do>
    <img

>       src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/a2b98ef8-00d4-4a19-93cd-3c746fd40929"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/da2bd3f3-c7d8-4880-b30d-c05dd4897ba6"
```

      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Arrange the logos so that the sizes, heights, colors, and areas of the
      separate logos create consistency and balance.
    </Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img

>       src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/327b2db7-d337-4788-b0f3-e8c5f80c7af7"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/99c9fbad-5540-43b7-93b7-00ac5c22c868)f7"
```

      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Don’t place logos without considering the spatial balance of the logo

>       suite. Arrange to prevent using more than two rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      suite. Rearrange the logos to prevent using more than two rows or imbalance. 
```

    </Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Contextual information

<DoDontContainer stacked>
  <Do>
    <img

>       src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/4c958008-73bb-4739-81fb-adbbc4541cff"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/79680b75-9e3b-4eb1-9371-2d8ee45a6dc1"
```

      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Do publish the logo suite with context. Introduce the logos and, when
      applicable, share how the logos have been grouped together.
    </Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img

>       src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/7099512c-c0ae-4187-ae4e-7214790d5e18"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/5ab14ace-9c9e-425f-8b5c-73de82340733"
```

      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Don’t use the logo suite without a heading/description. Consider turning
      off a visible description if needed.
    </Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Color uniformity

<DoDontContainer stacked>
  <Do>
    <img

>       src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/3245bcd5-4304-4d84-872e-6d30b30427d6"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/5dca9fa3-856b-46f0-adeb-ecaec65e8b96"
```

      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Ensure that the colors are consistent across the logos to match the logo
      bar option. Ensure spacing between logos are consistent.
    </Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img

>       src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/a81f3423-b708-45c8-affc-d3d45a4b7cd8"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/8912e356-421a-4c5b-9d54-27d5bdaeb8ba"

```

      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Don’t use logos with inconsistent colors or don’t match the logo bar
      option. Don’t use inconsistent spacing.
    </Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

## Options

### Logo bar appearance

The logo suite offers three appearance options:

- `muted`: The muted option is suitable for displaying 6+ logos and displays logos in a `secondary` color. It allows for two rows of logos, maintaining a clean and organized appearance.
- `emphasis`: The emphasis option is designed for spotlighting ~5 logos in the `primary` color. It displays logos larger, drawing more attention to the logos.
- `marquee`: The marquee option provides a flowing logo animation and can accommodate up to 12 logos. It is ideal for scenarios with limited page real estate.

> The muted and emphasis options on the logo bar contains an optional divider. This divider can serve as a visual separator. These three options can be used alongside one another when logo suite components are used adjacently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All three options on the logo bar contains an optional divider. This divider can serve as a visual separator. These three options can be used adjacently.
```

<div>
  <img

>     src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/5ad51788-25a4-401a-91b0-02ec7407aa31"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/d525e6b1-bf67-4684-9300-401ef7686b47"

```

    alt=""
  />
  <Caption>

>     The muted option is the default logo bar. It is the best option for creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The muted option is the default logo bar. To display 6-12 logos in 2 rows, it is preferred to use the muted option instead of emphasis or marquee. 
```

    2 rows (when using 6-12 logos).
  </Caption>
</div>

<div>
  <img

>     src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/6f239722-cb7b-4976-8782-09afbb1879b7"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/ce3e22f1-9852-4869-830b-5d54b6a1a039"

```

    alt=""
  />
  <Caption>

>     The muted option is the default logo bar. It is the best option for creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The emphasis option can be used to spotlight logos. It is best used with 6 or less logos to create 1 row. 
```

>     2 rows (when using 6-12 logos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: @jesskuo4 - is this suggestion correct?

Reviewer: Hi Reza! Thanks for pointing this out, I don't think I explained this clearly in the caption, let me try again. Let me know if you agree / think this updated version is clear. 

I want to say that out of the three options, the muted option is best for logos that appear in 2 rows.

  </Caption>
</div>

<div>
  <img

>     src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/13340707/d2dd578c-fce8-4999-ae07-066a616653ac"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/409d7a90-d086-438b-80ab-31350f6c42fa"

```

    alt=""
  />

>   <Caption>The marquee options allows for different speed options.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Caption>The marquee options allows for different speed options. Do not fill more than 12 logos.</Caption>
```

</div>

### Alignment

The logo suite comes with start and center align options. Only the heading and description will have visible changes to their alignment as logos will be consistently center aligned to create balance. By default, the logo suite is aligned to the start of the page.

## Accessibility

- Always ensure that a heading is provided to the logo suite. Headings provide leading context to the logos shown, and serve as a navigation hook for assistive technologies. It can be visually hidden if needed.

## Related components

> - [Image](/components/Image): to display a graphical representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Image](/components/Image): to display a graphical representation.
- [Ordered List](/components/OrderedList): Use the ordered list component to display a list of numbered items.
- [Unordered List](/components/UnorderedList): Use the unordered list component to present a collection of items without specific ordering.
```

Author: 👍 done

(I excluded those originally as I wasn't sure how relevant they were. No strong opinions on it though, so added them in)

Reviewer: Sounds good! Thank you 😄 Actually Josep mentioned to add those lists, I also don't have a strong opinion and wasn't sure how relevant, thank you for adding 💯

<div>
  <img
    src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/d525e6b1-bf67-4684-9300-401ef7686b47"
    alt=""
  />
  <Caption>
    Use the default muted option when displaying 6-12 logos across two rows. 
    2 rows (when using 6-12 logos).
  </Caption>
</div>

<div>
  <img
    src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/ce3e22f1-9852-4869-830b-5d54b6a1a039"
    alt=""
  />
  <Caption>
    The emphasis option can be used to spotlight logos. It is best used with 6
    or less logos to create 1 row.
  </Caption>
</div>

<div>
  <img
    src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/131988618/409d7a90-d086-438b-80ab-31350f6c42fa"
    alt=""
  />
  <Caption>The marquee options allows for different speed options.</Caption>
</div>

### Alignment

The logo suite comes with start and center align options. Only the heading and description will have visible changes to their alignment as logos will be consistently center aligned to create balance. By default, the logo suite is aligned to the start of the page.

## Accessibility

> - Always ensure that a heading is provided to the logo suite. Headings provide leading context to the logos shown, and serve as a navigation hook for assistive technologies. It can be visually hidden if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Always ensure that a heading is provided to the logo suite. Headings provide leading context to the logos shown, and serve as a navigation hook for assistive technologies. It can be visually hidden if needed.
```
